README.md, before:

# Provider MySQL

`provider-mysql` is a [Crossplane](https://crossplane.io/) provider that
is built using [Upjet](https://github.com/crossplane/upjet) code
generation tools and exposes XRM-conformant managed resources for the
MySQL API.

## Getting Started

Install the provider by using the following command after changing the image tag
to the [latest release](https://marketplace.upbound.io/providers/jellysmack-tech/provider-mysql):
```
up ctp provider install jellysmack-tech/provider-mysql:v0.1.0
```

Alternatively, you can use declarative installation:
```
cat <<EOF | kubectl apply -f -
apiVersion: pkg.crossplane.io/v1
kind: Provider
metadata:
  name: provider-mysql
spec:
  package: jellysmack-tech/provider-mysql:v0.1.0
EOF
```

Notice that in this example Provider resource is referencing ControllerConfig with debug enabled.

You can see the API reference [here](https://doc.crds.dev/github.com/jellysmack-tech/provider-mysql).

## Developing

Run code-generation pipeline:
```console
go run cmd/generator/main.go "$PWD"
```

Run against a Kubernetes cluster:

```console
make run
```

Build, push, and install:

```console
make all
```

Build binary:

```console
make build
```

## Report a Bug

For filing bugs, suggesting improvements, or requesting new features, please
open an [issue](https://github.com/jellysmack-tech/provider-mysql/issues).

Commit message:

refactor!: migrate project/module to crossplane-contrib/provider-upjet-mysql
Signed-off-by: Jared Watts <jbw976@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# Provider MySQL

`provider-upjet-mysql` is a [Crossplane](https://crossplane.io/) provider that
is built using [Upjet](https://github.com/crossplane/upjet) code
generation tools and exposes XRM-conformant managed resources for the
MySQL API.

## Getting Started

Install the provider by using the following command after changing the image tag
to the [latest release](https://marketplace.upbound.io/providers/crossplane-contrib/provider-upjet-mysql):
```
up ctp provider install crossplane-contrib/provider-upjet-mysql:v0.1.0
```

Alternatively, you can use declarative installation:
```
cat <<EOF | kubectl apply -f -
apiVersion: pkg.crossplane.io/v1
kind: Provider
metadata:
  name: provider-upjet-mysql
spec:
  package: crossplane-contrib/provider-upjet-mysql:v0.1.0
EOF
```

Notice that in this example Provider resource is referencing ControllerConfig with debug enabled.

You can see the API reference [here](https://doc.crds.dev/github.com/crossplane-contrib/provider-upjet-mysql).

## Developing

Run code-generation pipeline:
```console
go run cmd/generator/main.go "$PWD"
```

Run against a Kubernetes cluster:

```console
make run
```

Build, push, and install:

```console
make all
```

Build binary:

```console
make build
```

## Report a Bug

For filing bugs, suggesting improvements, or requesting new features, please
open an [issue](https://github.com/crossplane-contrib/provider-upjet-mysql/issues).
